18.1 Write a function that adds two numbers. You should not use + or any arithmetic
operators.

18.2 Write a method to shuffle a deck of cards. It must be a perfect shuffle—in other
words, each of the 52! permutations of the deck has to be equally likely. Assume that
you are given a random number generator which is perfect.

18.3 Write a method to randomly generate a set of m integers from an array of size n.
Each element must have equal probability of being chosen.

18.4 Write a method to count the number of 2s between 0 and n.

18.5 You have a large text file containing words. Given any two words, find the shortest
distance (in terms of number of words) between them in the file. If the operation
will be repeated many times for the same file (but different pairs of words), can you
optimize your solution?

18.6 Describe an algorithm to find the smallest one million numbers in one billion
numbers. Assume that the computer memory can hold all one billion numbers.

18.7 Given a list of words, write a program to find the longest word made of other words
in the list.

18.8 Given a string s and an array of smaller strings T, design a method to search s for
each small string in T.

18.9 Numbers are randomly generated and passed to a method. Write a program to find
and maintain the median value as new values are generated.

18.10 Given two words of equal length that are in a dictionary, write a method to transform
one word into another word by changing only one letter at a time. The new
word you get in each step must be in the dictionary.

18.11 Imagine you have a square matrix, where each cell (pixel) is either black or white.
Design an algorithm to find the maximum subsquare such that all four borders are
filled with black pixels.

18.12 Given an NxN matrix of positive and negative integers, write code to find the submatrix
with the largest possible sum.

18.13 Given a list of millions of words, design an algorithm to create the largest possible
rectangle of letters such that every row forms a word (reading left to right) and
every column forms a word (reading top to bottom). The words need not be chosen
consecutively from the list, but all rows must be the same length and all columns
must be the same height.

